vodka fell in price in Russia
the price for pollitrovka decreased from 220 to
185 rubles a measure forced what benefit
she will bring to the state population
found out Erin Kuzminskoye everything goes up
and vodka cheaper it's not a paradox
calculation of the government from the sale of alcohol
130 billion rubles goes to the treasury
in year and would like more however
potential buyer intercepts
inexpensive samopal exit one to lower
price for legal vodka and quantity
take manufacturers will be able to ramp up
its share in the Russian market because
cantor's share of counterfeit will decrease
legal alcohol sales share will be
increase that is thus
local manufacturers will even benefit from
this of 10 bottles of vodka each
fourth fake
damage to the state 50 billion rubles
calculated and human losses by
Rospotrebnadzor data because
alcohol abuse annually
about half a million Russians die
the vast majority of poison
surrogates but without vodka can not live on
there is no light and there is no other way
I do not know under it and we will lower economy in
the economy is the only penny to drink
disgustingly nasty all winces my
saddle forward and head child
Jellum Boris Grachevsky recently took off
adult movie about love in the frame
flashes
and elite wine with oysters, but more often vodka
under the boiled sausage and saw two
man in the store for about ten minutes
could lose what drink vodka I
man vodka have vodka not like this
not this one yes this is the head with the model i'm
horror was how much this vodka is huge
types of this vodka vodka on the shelves
really more than enough
price from 200 rubles plus infinity
but experimentally
make sure the cost and quality is not
twins 2
ok incognito music labels or just
on the kidneys
she is the cheapest we found two
other gray more expensive just above 500 in
our experts are professional
taster he smells vodka
look at the light in one sample
says sugar more
another zither itself gives but for the cost
Pauli weed is not at all it affects here
this bottle is more because more
complex casting line
pillow toy but usually not then
you put more standard here then
there is this usual bottling line
wide neck on this most likely you
it will probably be more expensive right
absolutely but that is only the case
Bottles and roller got just checkout
absolutely bottle label and your
which he produced very hang on
ears
cheaper doesn't mean worse talking
taster main on excise stamps not
save ie counterfeit not drink
Otherwise it will be more expensive for itself and the state
Irina Kuzminskaya Sergey Yevseev
world 24 minimum retail price in
Russia is going to install also on
wine and champagne also whether fighting not to
clean products winemakers think that
bottle cost must be at least
one hundred and ten rubles